# Terms of Use

_Last updated: September 10, 2025_

Relay is a digital asset swapping platform developed by Uneven Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Uneven Labs,” “we,” “our,” or “us”). “Relay” consists of (i) our website located at https://relay.link (the “Relay Website”) and (ii) multiple components that can be accessed through the Relay Website, including the Relay APIs (hosted Application Programming Interfaces for building swaps applications), the RelayKit (a developer toolkit), and the Relay Protocol (an open-source cross-chain swaps protocol). Details on the components of Relay can be found at https://docs.relay.link/what-is-relay. The Relay Protocol is open-source software, which is publicly available and located [here](https://github.com/relayprotocol).
These Terms of Use (the “Terms”), govern your relationship with Uneven Labs, Inc. and your use of any functionalities, tools, or information made available through Relay (collectively, the “Functionalities”).
Please read these Terms and our Privacy Policy located at relay.link/privacy carefully. By using any of the Functionalities, you agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, when using certain features of Functionalities, you may be subject to any additional terms applicable to such features that may be posted on or within the Relay Website from time to time. All such terms are incorporated by reference into these Terms. If you do not agree completely to these Terms or our Privacy Policy, do not use any of the Functionalities.
THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 14. THIS AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO ANY “DISPUTE” BETWEEN YOU AND UNEVEN LABS, INC. AND MAY REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES IN BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, AND NOT IN COURT AND YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO HAVE ANY CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US RESOLVED BY A JURY OR IN A COURT OF LAW. PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THAT PROVISION, CAREFULLY.

## 1. Eligibility.
1.1 You must be at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction to access or use any of the Functionalities. By accessing or using any of the Functionalities, you represent that you are at least the age of majority (e.g., 18 years of age) and have the full right, power, and authority to enter and comply with these Terms. If you access or use any of the Functionalities on behalf of a legal entity, (a) all references to “you” throughout these Terms will include that entity, (b) you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on that entity’s behalf, and (c) in the event you or the entity violates these Terms, the entity agrees to be responsible to us.

1.2 You further represent that you are not (a) the subject of economic or trade sanctions administered or enforced by any governmental authority or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties (including the list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury); (b) located, ordinarily resident, organized, established, or domiciled in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea, Donetsk, or Luhansk Regions of Ukraine, or any other country or jurisdiction against which the U.S. maintains comprehensive economic sanctions or an arms embargo; or (c) engaged in the business of offering illegal or controlled products or services including firearms, explosives, dangerous materials, drugs, pornography, illegal gambling, human trafficking, wildlife trade, products and services derived from endangered or threatened species or other activities which may be considered illegal, dangerous or harmful. You will not and will not allow Restricted Persons to use a virtual private network (e.g., a VPN) or other means to inappropriately/evasively access any of the Functionalities..

## 2. Intellectual Property Ownership.
2.1 You acknowledge and agree that we own all legal right, title and interest in (i) the Relay Website and any of the contents made available on the Relay Website, including software, text, images, all trademarks, service marks, and trade names, (ii) the Relay APIs, and (iii) the Toolkit (collectively, “Uneven Labs Materials”). You acknowledge that Uneven Labs Materials are protected by trade dress and trademark laws, international conventions, other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws.

2.2 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we provide you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, nontransferable, non-assignable, fully revocable license to use the Website, the APIs and the Toolkit. This license is effective until terminated. We may terminate or suspend any or all portions or features of the Website, the APIs or the Toolkit at any time and for any reason or for no reason with no liability to you. This license does not give you any ownership rights in Uneven Labs or the Uneven Labs Materials.

2.3 While the Uneven Labs Materials are proprietary, the Relay Protocol is comprised of open source software running on public blockchains. In addition to the disclaimers and other terms set forth herein with respect to the Relay Protocol, your use of such open source software is governed by the applicable open source software license.

## 3. Privacy
3.1 When you connect a digital asset or other electronic wallet (“Wallet”) to the Website, we may collect directly from you on-chain data related to your Wallet address, including hashes of completed transactions involving your Wallet, and the tokens in your Wallet. Additionally, when you use the Website, we may collect information about you automatically through cookies and similar technologies. Please refer to our Privacy Policy, available at https://github., for information on how we collect and use your information.

## 4. Prohibited Conduct and Content.
4.1 You acknowledge and agree that any data provided to you through any of the Functionalities is for your personal or business use only, and may not be directly resold or sublicensed to third parties. You may incorporate the data into your own product or service for distribution or use by your own end-users, provided that such distribution or use is in accordance with these Terms and any applicable laws and regulations. You may not offer the data as a standalone product or service, or permit third parties to access or use the data outside of your own product or service without our prior written consent.

4.2 You agree not to engage in any of the following conduct (each a “Prohibited Activity”) with respect to any of the Functionalities:
(i) Any activity that seeks to interfere with or compromise the integrity, security, or proper functioning of any computer, server, network, personal device, or other information technology system, including the deployment of viruses and denial of service attacks;
(ii) Any activity that seeks circumvent a usage or capacity limit of any of the Functionalities;
(iii) Any activity to defraud any person or entity, including providing any false, inaccurate, or misleading information in order to unlawfully obtain the property of another;
(iv) Any activity that violates any applicable law, rule, or regulation concerning the trading of securities, derivatives, or commodities or violates any applicable sanctions or trade embargo laws; 
(v) Any activity that violates any other applicable law or contract, or infringes, misappropriates or violates any intellectual property right or other third-party right, or constitutes a tort or other wrongful act or omission; 
(vi) Any attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to any component of the Functionalities, in whole or in part; 
(vii) Any attempt to engage in deceptive or manipulative trading activities in any way, including using the Functionalities to conceal economic activity, launder money, or finance terrorism; or
(viii) Any activity that seeks to carry out financial activities subject to registration or licensing.
If you are blocked by Uneven Labs from accessing any Functionality (including by blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address or virtual private network).

4.3 If you engage in any of the Prohibited Activities, we may, at our sole and absolute discretion, without notice or liability to you, and without limiting any of our other rights or remedies at law or in equity, immediately suspend or terminate your access to any of the Functionalities.

## 5. Termination.
5.1 We may, at any time and at its sole discretion, suspend, terminate, deactivate, and delete your access to all or any part of the Functionalities with or without notice to you for any reason or for no reason at all, including if: (i) you breach any provision of these Terms; (ii) you infringe any intellectual property rights; or (iii) you in engage in any Prohibited Activity.

5.2 The following Sections of these Terms will survive termination of this agreement or discontinuation of your access to any part of the Functionalities: Section 6 (No Responsibility for Cryptographic Keys and No Fiduciary Duties), Section 7 (Non-Solicitation and No Professional Advice), Section 8 (Disclaimers and No Warranties), Section 9 (Indemnification), Section 10 (Limitation of Liability), Section 11 (Release), Section 14 (Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration), Section 15 (Governing Law and Venue), Section 16 (Severability), Section 17 (Feedback) and Section 18 (Miscellaneous).

## 6. No Responsibility for Cryptographic Keys and No Fiduciary Duties
6.1 You may be required to connect a Wallet in order to access the Functionalities. When you interact with or use the Functionalities, you retain control over your Wallet, including the private keys for such Wallet. We will never ask you for the private key to a Wallet you connect to any of the Functionalities, and as between us, you are solely responsible for any disclosure of the private keys to your Wallets. We do not have a fiduciary relationship or obligation to you regarding any decisions or activities that you engage in when using our Functionalities, and These Terms are not intended to, and do not, create or impose any fiduciary duties on us. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you acknowledge and agree that we owe no fiduciary duties or liabilities to you or any other party, and that to the extent any such duties or liabilities may exist at law or in equity, those duties and liabilities are hereby irrevocably disclaimed, waived, and eliminated.

## 7. Non-Solicitation and No Professional Advice
7.1 You agree and understand that transactions you submit through the Website or the Relay Protocol is considered unsolicited, which among other things means that you have not received any investment advice from us in connection with any transactions.

7.2 You agree and understand that all information provided by the Website is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal, financial, tax or other professional advice. You should not take, or refrain from taking, any action based on any information contained in the Website.

## 8. Disclaimers and No Warranties.
8.1 YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF ANY OF THE FUNCTIONALITIES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THAT YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF ANY OF THE FUNCTIONALITIES IS “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING ANY PART OF THE FUNCTIONALITIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO ANY OF THE FUNCTIONALITIES WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR SECURE; THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT; OR THAT ANY OF THE FUNCTIONALITIES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS.

8.2 YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET, YOU AGREE THAT WE HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY.

8.3 WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES YOU INCUR AS THE RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK OR ANY WALLET, INCLUDING ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (i) USER ERROR, SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS OR INCORRECTLY CONSTRUED SMART CONTRACTS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS; (ii) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (iii) CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR ACTIVITIES BY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST ANY BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK, ANY FUNCTIONALITIES, OR ANY WALLET.

8.4 WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES DUE TO BLOCKCHAINS OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OF ANY BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK OR ANY FUNCTIONALITIES OR WALLET, INCLUDING LATE REPORT BY DEVELOPERS OR REPRESENTATIVES (OR NO REPORT AT ALL) OF ANY ISSUES WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORTING THE BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK, INCLUDING FORKS, TECHNICAL NODE ISSUES, OR ANY OTHER ISSUES HAVING FUND LOSSES AS A RESULT.

## 9. Indemnification.
9.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Uneven Labs and our subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of our respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “Uneven Labs Parties”) from and against any losses, liabilities, claims, demands, damages, expenses or costs (“Claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of any of the Functionalities; (b) your violation of these Terms; (c) your violation, misappropriation, or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights); or (d) your conduct in connection with any of the Functionalities. You agree to cooperate with Uneven Labs Parties in defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs and expenses associated with defending such Claims (including attorneys’ fees). You also agree that Uneven Labs Parties will have control of the defense or settlement, at Uneven Labs’ sole option, of any third-party Claims. You may not settle or compromise any claim against any Uneven Labs Party without its prior written consent.

## 10. Limitation of Liability.
10.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Uneven Labs and the other Uneven Labs Parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if Uneven Labs or the other Uneven Labs Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10.2 The total liability of Uneven Labs and the other Uneven Labs Parties for any claim arising out of or relating to the Functionalities or these Terms, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the greater of $100 or the amount paid by you to use any of the Functionalities.

10.3 The limitations set forth in this Section 10 will not limit or exclude liability for the gross negligence, fraud or intentional misconduct of Uneven Labs or the other Uneven Labs Parties or for any other matters in which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. Additionally, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

## 11. Release.
11.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you release Uneven Labs and the other Uneven Labs Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users, the acts or omissions of third parties or your use of or interaction with any of the Functionalities. If you are a consumer who resides in California, you hereby waive your rights under California Civil Code § 1542, which provides: “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”

## 12. Changes to these Terms.
12.1 You agree that Uneven Labs may make changes to these Terms at any time and for any reason at its sole discretion. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will notify you either by posting the changes on the Website or through other reasonable means and give you an opportunity to review the new Terms that will supersede and replace these Terms. Your continued access or use of any of the Functionalities after notice of changes to these Terms will mean that you accept any and all of such changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop using the Functionalities.

## 13. Changes to the Functionalities.
13.1 We may update, amend, alter, change, or stop any of the Functionalities, from time to time without prior notice to you.

13.2 We do not have any maintenance, update, or support obligations with respect to any of the Functionalities. You agree that our updates to any of the Functionalities may change the requirements necessary to use such Functionality, and you agree that in such an event you are responsible for any necessary actions, including updating software or hardware to access and use such Functionalities.

13.3 We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use any of the Functionalities.

## 14. Dispute Resolution and Binding Arbitration.
14.1 Please read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with Uneven Labs and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us, unless you opt out of arbitration by following the instructions set forth below. No class or representative actions or arbitrations are allowed under this arbitration provision. In addition, arbitration precludes you from suing in court or having a jury trial.

14.2 No Representative Actions. You agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or any of the Functionalities is personal to you and Uneven Labs and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual action, and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding.

14.3 Arbitration of Disputes. Except for disputes in which you or Uneven Labs seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property, you and Uneven Labs waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any other dispute arising out of or related to the Functionalities or these Terms, including claims related to privacy and data security (collectively, “Disputes”), resolved in court. Instead, for any Dispute that you have against Uneven Labs you agree to first contact Uneven Labs and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim (“Notice”) to Uneven Labs by email at legal@unevenlabs.com. The Notice must (a) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (b) describe the nature and basis of the Dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. Our notice to you will be similar in form to that described above. If you and Uneven Labs cannot reach an agreement to resolve the Dispute within thirty (30) days after such Notice is received, then either party may submit the Dispute to confidential, binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in the State of New York by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). You and Uneven Labs agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of this Section 16 will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (the “FAA”), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any Dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator may conduct only an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual. The arbitration will allow for the discovery or exchange of non-privileged information relevant to the Dispute. The arbitrator, Uneven Labs, and you will maintain the confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments and awards, including information gathered, prepared and presented for purposes of the arbitration or related to the Dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator will have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary. The duty of confidentiality does not apply to the extent that disclosure is necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy or in connection with a judicial challenge to an arbitration award or its enforcement, or to the extent that disclosure is otherwise required by law or judicial decision.

14.4 Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA Rules, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement.  To the extent any Arbitration Fees are not specifically allocated to either Uneven Labs or you under the AAA Rules, Uneven Labs and you shall split them equally; provided that if you are able to demonstrate to the arbitrator that you are economically unable to pay your portion of such Arbitration Fees or if the arbitrator otherwise determines for any reason that you should not be required to pay your portion of any Arbitration Fees, Uneven Labs will pay your portion of such fees. In addition, if you demonstrate to the arbitrator that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Uneven Labs will pay as much of the Arbitration Fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive. Any payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. You and Uneven Labs agree that the state or federal courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.

14.5 Any dispute must be filed within one year after the relevant claim arose; otherwise, the Dispute is permanently barred, which means that you and Uneven Labs will not have the right to assert the claim.

14.6 You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 14 by contacting Uneven Labs at legal@unevenlabs.com. In order to be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name and address and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 15.

14.7 If any portion of this Section 14 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from these Terms; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 14 or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section 14; and (c) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of this Section 14 is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 14 will be enforceable.

## 15. Governing Law and Venue.
15.1 Any dispute arising from these Terms will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent preempted by U.S. federal law, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration will be resolved in the courts of the State of New York or federal courts located in the State of New York.

## 16. Severability.
16.1 If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

## 17. Feedback.
17.1 You may voluntarily post, submit or otherwise communicate to us, including through third party channels (e.g., Discord), any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information about the Functionalities (collectively, “Feedback”). By posting or submitting any Feedback to us, you hereby irrevocably grant to Uneven Labs and its affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, and fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Feedback (in whole or in part) in any media and to incorporate the Feedback into any of their technology or works in any format or medium now known or later developed. You understand that Uneven Labs may treat Feedback as nonconfidential.
18. Miscellaneous.
18.1 The failure of Uneven Labs to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms reflect the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, representations, statements and understandings of the parties. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Use of the word “including” will be interpreted to mean “including without limitation.” Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity. You agree that communications and transactions between us may be conducted electronically.
